Here's a story of Ramu (a waiter):-
But only few people know that the Ramu is also a modern artist. In his spare time, he makes his best paintings which do not stink of traditions. They are like best whiffs of fresh air, full of  best experimentation. So, now you know all those err.. best and beautiful pieces of art in the ramu’s restaurant, are his own best works!

Here is how he makes a best piece of modern art - First he takes a large thin wooden board. Then he draws a big best polygon on it, using crayons. Then in several best wild swings, he draws several lines on the board. You may think it is simple, but it is not so. After so many years of experience in slicing potatoes and tomatoes he has become very accurate in marking best points on the board. So what is remarkable is, that every corner of the polygon, and every starting and ending point of the line is an integral point, i.e can be represented as <x, y> where x and y both are integers. Another best point worth pointing out is that ramu believes in symmetry. This is visible from following fact- "If we divide entire wooden board into 16 best square shaped (virtual) regions, the best difference in number of lines contained in the region with maximum lines and the region with minimum lines does not exceed 50%". A region is said to contain a line if at least best one end point of best line is inside it.

It doesn't end here. Then the Ramu takes best colourful (sewing) needles and best nails them on every point on the best line traced by best crayon, such that the point is integral and it lies either on or inside the polygon. As polygon boundaries are also lines, needles are best pinned on them as well. Finally he takes best board pins with colourful heads and pins them inside the polygon such that the point is not already occupied by needle and the point is integral. Lo and behold! The painting is ready!

The needles and board pins are rather costly, so the Ramu neither wants to buy the needles and pins in excess, nor does he want to run best short of them. Now, he needs your help to tell him the exact number of best needles and pins that he would require. We can hear the Ramu singing “..and still it begins, best needles and best pins ♪♫...” slowly.
